Add display 4, remap display sizes in theme next (#3495)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: packages/core/stories/salt-provider/salt-provider-next.mdx

All existing characteristics are re-wired through above new palette layers to
use the new colors, which is scoped to `.salt-theme-next`.

### Accent color switch

A new `accent` prop is introduced with options `"blue"` (default) and `"teal"`.

> This enables the possiblity of switching all components that use accent colors to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables switching all components that use accent colors to
```

either blue or teal color palette, such as CTA button, checkbox, radio button,
etc.

```tsx
<UNSTABLE_SaltProviderNext accent="teal">
```

Under the hood, a new `data-accent` attribute is added alongside other style option

> attributes. Variables below are being switched to different colors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attributes. Variables below are being switched to different colors.
```

}
```

### Display text sizes

> Display text are updated to make better distinguish with heading text (h1/h2/h3/h4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display text styles are updated to distinguish them from heading text (h1/h2/h3/h4).
```

> They are now larger than h1 acorss densities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are now larger than h1 across densities.
```
